okay Wow all right
I usually don't do this and forgive me
for the angles here just because I can't
words can okay you guys saw my review of
the Terminator 2 menus and yes more
reviews like that are coming tomorrow is
my day off I'm probably gonna do one on
a good movie hold on a second where is
it here where's the case okay so I'm a
big enthusiast when it comes to actual
menus and whatnot for DVDs like I talked
about in the video this is one of my
favorite movies of all time this is Last
Action Hero
from 1993 with Otto Schwartz and Egger
and if you haven't seen this movie
please go check it out and you know I
had a DVD copy which is great it had a
cool menu a trailer things like that so
this was in our stores a $7.99 bin and I
was like okay I'll buy this movie on
blu-ray one of my favorite movies oh my
god I just put the disc in okay look
good switch cameras here hold on okay
once again I apologize for the glare
that you're gonna see so ha this is the
main menu on a blu-ray disc there is no
look there's nothing doesn't it's not
even like it's hidden there's there's
absolutely nothing for a menu here all I
have for an option is play feature
wow that's fucking pathetic for a
blu-ray disc I know this is a really you
know low priority title there are other
movies that I own that are even lower
and priority than this thing or
older or made less money and they still
have a fucking menu but what really
pisses me off here
ready listen this is the fucking great
music and sound that you had during the
main menu yeah that's it there is
nothing I mean you have that cool fire
effect you couldn't have a bit of the
movie soundtrack playing in the
background what the fuck is wrong with
you
this is pathetic all right fine let's uh
let's play the movie again you're not
gonna hear anything because I don't want
copyright infringement so alright movies
have bad menus I realize that Hollywood
doesn't give a shit about them anymore
alright obviously again you can hear
anything what's up what do we get for
audio tracks here let's see alright
Dobie Dobie digital multi which I guess
that's kind of basic don't be digital
what else oh that's it there's not even
another language there's no audio
commentary not that I would fucking
expect it with a production value of
this magnitude that's it Dolby fucking
Digital straight off a goddamn DVD rib
there's no fucking hi-def audio codec
nothing 5.1 48 Hertz okay fine fine no
no uh fine no audio tracks nothing what
what else could we check out oh let's uh
all right well fine it's a bare-bones
disc you gotta have a pop-up menu right
so uh so you can quickly access the
chapters and stuff that are in the movie
fine look let's put a pop-up menu Wow
there is no fucking pop-up menu on a
goddamn blu-ray disc are you fucking
kidding me and not only that it brings
you back to this main fucking screen Wow
okay let's play the movie again it's
gonna take me back where I left off
because the whole point of the pop-up
menu is so you don't leave your movie
experience you just keep doing oh okay
well what's uh let's see what kind of
chapters this fucker has you know the
average is about five minutes or so
Terminator 2 is about 30 seconds to a
minute cuz its Terminator 2 what's this
movie are you fucking serious are you
fucking serious I swear to you I have
not even tried this yet the only thing I
did was saw the menu and had to make a
video are you fuck what is this like 30
minutes
thirty-eight fucking minutes are you
fucking serious and iPhone are you
serious that you're not focusing right
now I'm not kidding you sir there it is
38 fuckin minutes on a chapter are you
fucking kidding me
granted this is my favorite part of the
movie 38 minutes Wow
let's hit chapter up again see what
happens great two chapters second
chapter and we're already an hour and 10
minutes into the movie are you fucking
shitting me
let's push it again uh hour and 32 push
it again oh I'm sorry that's the end of
the fucking movie DVD and blu-ray
authoring trade cinematic mark fuck you
you guys are pieces of shit this movie
has no fucking menu at all no bonus
features not even a fucking movie
trailer which even for DVDs has always
been you know what we're gonna release
this movie and have it be bare-bones but
at least throw in a fucking trailer No
nothing fucking play feature that is it
no different audio you literally have
I'm not kidding I'm gonna fucking do
this right now when the movie comes on
okay 1 2 3
you have three fucking chapters because
you click it again
the end of the movie fucking this
blu-ray release a really good movie but
this blu-ray release is probably the
worst fucking title I have ever seen
released on home home cinema even the
laserdisc of this movie had better
chapters in this fuck that oh my god I I
expected it to okay I expected it to be
kind of lackluster given the title you
know Last Action Hero bombed at the
fucking box office granted it was going
up against a lot of movies in 93 but you
got a figure it had all Schwarzenegger
star power but it's still bombed however
it is a cult classic by today's
standards and I know that myself and a
lot of other people really love this
film it's supposed to make fun of
blockbusters and action movies hence the
title and all that jazz and I'll be
honest the video presentation is the
best I've ever seen it but that's not
saying much and the fact that it doesn't
even have a high def
Kotick I would pay no more than five
dollars for that this movie is $7.99 I
would honestly say fucking torrent this
movie in high definition and you'll get
more fucking options I cannot believe
that this is this isn't even a fucking
blu-ray this isn't even a fucking DVD
this is like if they took a digital file
and we're like well we got to put on
physical medium let's just throw it on
blu-ray oh my I can't believe this this
is fucking horrible I wasn't even gonna
do a video tonight I got pizza cook in
the oven right now in fact I better go
get it cuz it's probably burning but
holy shit
no pop-up-menu excuse me no pop-up-menu
no audio options is there even a fucking
subtitle probably not because I don't
even have a fucking option for a
subtitle let's see again audio track one
fine subtitle oh my god it it it doesn't
even have subtitles the movie doesn't
even have subtitles this is this is
fucking Wow Wow the movie in my opinion
seven out of ten this blu-ray Disc zero
out of five zero out of ten that this is
fucking oh my god guys have a good night